Remove future-facing language from docs (WIP) (#32020)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/providers/requirements.mdx

## Built-in Providers

> Most Terraform providers are distributed separately as plugins, but there
> is one provider that is built into Terraform itself. This built-in plugin provides the

Author: ```suggestion
Most Terraform providers are distributed separately as plugins, but there
is one provider that is built into Terraform itself. This provider enables the
```
